Sirisak Chantanate
maicmi@me.com +66 95 895 9675
         linkedin.com/in/sirisak-chantanate-b0b786111		github.com/openmymai
	https://www.kaggle.com/maicmi
Summary
Currently a Software Engineer (Machine Learning) looking for transition into the professional cloud industry as Software Engineer/Cloud Engineer. I have 3 years experience working as a data scientist and more than 5 years of strong academic background in analytical modelling and programming, I strive to bring high-quality business intelligence solutions to businesses seeking higher efficiency. With expertise in advanced statistical algorithms, machine learning and forecasting using TensorFlow.
Education
       Chiang Mai University
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Computer Engineering
Jun 1996 - May 2000
Licenses & Certifications
• AWS Certified Solution Architect Professional •  AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
• AWS Migration Ambassador Foundations (Business)
• Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals
• Cisco Certificate Internetwork Expert (CCIE R&S #18148)
Experience
       Software Engineer
Freelance
Jan 2018 - Present
Turned data into actionable insights, providing C-suite stakeholders with insightful recommendations to streamline business operations and improve customer experience.
Generated statistical reports and visualizations, providing key insights for marketing campaigns and initiatives, including A/B testing, customer retention, brand awareness, and global expansion..
Worked with senior leadership to develop and implement digital marketing strategy, identifying and implementing new tactics to improve campaign performance, resulting in revenue increasing from search marketing campaign.
Responsible for the analysis, design, testing, development and maintenance of best in class software experiences. 
Adept with the agile software development lifecycle and DevOps principles.
       Solution Area Specialist - Evaluation Specialist
Denave
Nov 2022 - Jan 2023
Support Tele Sales to drive large and complex deals with advance workload in SMB.
Support SMB Segment to drive Cloud Adoption, Cloud Consumption, Upsell and Cross Sell Cloud Solutions with high propensity customer sets through sell-with partners, and unmanage partners.
Supporting partners to drive Azure and Office 365 campaign/programs developed by Microsoft.
Supporting partners to drive leads/opportunities from Microsoft engines include Marketing, Tele-sales.
       Technical Presale & Project Manager
Aware Group
Aug 2022 - Nov 2022
Acquire new leads, new opportunities and new projects from corporates and enterprises through pre-sales efforts and activities, customer engagements and sales efforts and activities
Supporting the ability for cloud solutions sales and selling and delivering cloud migration services.
       
       IP Solution Manager
Huawei Technologies
Jan 2019 - Jan 2020 (1 year 1 month)
Seek out, identify, develop, and close business opportunities with key service provider accounts Collect and analyze all marketing information Enhance customer relationships.
       Senior Network Engineer
Aware Group
Jan 2017 - Dec 2018 (2 years)
Develops project scope to include work services estimate, services, resource assignments and allocations, and statements of work for assigned projects.
Senior IT Specialist
IBM
Jun 2015 - Dec 2016 (1 year 7 months)
Lead and motivate professional Consultant/Engineer in a team environment to meet aggressive goals and pre-defined timelines. Work cross functional within an organization managing multiple complex projects.
       Regional Network Consultant
3D Networks
Jan 2013 - May 2015 (2 years 5 months)
Lead and Contribute to the design, development, and implementation of winning technical solutions for customers to introduce and establish new technology solutions into their business and business processes.
         Network Specialist
Dimension Data
Jan 2007 - Oct 2012 (5 years 10 months)
Responsible for understanding customer Strategy, Organization, Process, Business requirement, IT Architecture. Identify innovative opportunities to improve business practices in support of key organizational strategies.
Network Consultant
Datacraft-Asia
May 2001 - Dec 2006 (5 years 8 months)
Provides consultancy advice on systems design and developments Emphasis is on conceptualization and providing consultancy advice to customers rather than hands-on configuration.

Skills
Technical Skills
Machine Learning • Data Analysis and Visualization • AWS [IAM, EC2] • Azure [VM, AKS, Functions] • System Administration • Microservices • Networking and Troubleshooting
Tech Stack
Python • JavaScript • MongoDB • ReactJS • NodeJS • TensorFlow • Scikit-learn
Interpersonal Skills
Customer focused • Effective Communicator • Highly Adaptable
Key Accomplishments
Optimized customer recommendations model
that resulted in 30% revenue growth in kiosk.
